<Mayor addling his way back to give the commencement speech. His cell phone rings>

MAYOR: 
God damnit! I'm giving the directions now!

<He struggles in an ecessive fit to remove the cell phone and immediately throws it to the ground enough to smash. A gun-pop or simarly splosive sound effect, very brief—it is less important that the sound correspond to the breaking so long as 1) the sound is louder 2) it corresponds more tightly with a flash of light. Messenger re: Public ENTERS and stands where the phone broke. He wears a mask of cloth.>

MAYOR:
AH! What the hecho in mexico! 
Are you a genie, that from a blast takes form?
I wish you were.

Some scrap of that blast granted.
But I ain't Alladin.

I only have time for miracles
you understand
So implode yourself back again.

I'm a re public messenger
and editor of the laundry list
o people aggrieved

No, reports follow after the advent,
you shit head.
What you say is unscripted,
I won't listen.
I, mayor minot, 
have official business

you better attend to it tenderly

You're not in line
You're dismissed!

Didn't mean to offend ye
but I got this transmission

you can read the public
after I've addressed 'em.

Won't need to, you'll hear em
all pandemonium, furor
This' somethin yer gonne want first for sure.
Against your arm of law
there has been published word.

Already?
Too super sonic. Fly it back, you jet.
tongues go fast, but words aint time trav'lers.
This isn't happening, this isn't happening yet. 
Retreat, retard. Let me speak first. 
Wait yer turn.

In the end, there was the absurd.

Stop speaking out of time!

There were shouts heard
When you shot unto the herd
White birds emegered
like a dirge, from the church pews
that scared you to turds

eww!

turned your waywards backwards
the passwords yer ass hurt
when we sew up yer pasture
with reactionary action words
n' cast barb planned to cause your plasma barn excrutaiting mental harm.

What the-- Sound the alarm chairmen!

Relax, and prepare uncle sam
Too see the hundreds pulling our their public hair
in the pubic square, the National Mall

what're they doing there?

All heads burning, declaring depsair
demanding repair o'th' states of affair.
Do you know what stats on fear, served,
make presently clear, sir,
about the synapse fiend
once's feelers are fried?
A few refuse
two's run
one's hide
That's all for flight.
most e plribus unum Fighters
stand in service body-unified

Ready to abide, in order? There's a surprise.

Aye, aye.

Wait, what do they decide?
How do I put this:
homocide or or “the other guys”?

I'ts been prefixed, god picked 
who the 'cide was
Presidents, Chief men, war moguels, Reginalds, 

And what about the lesser general?

They're in the will o'th' earth to inherit it remember?

Democratic heresy! I'll have your citizenship.
Retreat, you, retard! With words for the city-state!
This messager, I, mayor Minot, repudiate. 
When the time comes.
May God bless the true American Estate.


SIGHTING TWO

Hello, hi, how do you do?
Good too see
again and again
we've spoken
I knew your father
on the phone
on the subject
on the way
see how it goes
good man, good man
better management
great investment
Coin toss to that
much obliged
what'll you call it?
We'll call it after you.
My good name.
Company first.
Hup!

<A high coin toss, a handshake while it flies. It lands in an open palm. They look inside>

In your palm a tail.
Heads. Heads it is.
Heads it is!

<Palm finishes the toss by slapping it over on the back of the other hand (still shaking)>

Heads it is! 
Heads win, heads win!
Send it to the printers.
and the great Golden Mint.
Thank you, you contribute. 
Duty, duty.
Now matter how it fliips.
Two sides to the same coin.
You may also like to try angles.
Ho-ly trin-trinity trin-trinity trin-trinity
once twice three alarm'd angels
A Patriot.
Patriot. Patriot.
Patriot. Patriot.
Patriot. Patriot.
First shift.
Take it easy boss
Hey don't yankee me!
Ser-vice.
Sumbitch!
all hands heave hauls, bear palls
palms up now
hope makes a light load
pray for grace 
I did, but the enemy 
invoked the same
right back in my face
a host of just gods!
truth in liberty!
better judgements 
call the police!
fair policy
decence for all
a mean media
and minimum wage
sub prime, flat tax, low bridge, bottom line, cut rates
“Mark 'twain!”
Two meters o'th' people
Six leagues under!
Spelunk it!
A mirror at the end of the tunnel.
Mine! Mine! Mine!
The bird breathes gas!
Hell!
We better hide hides i'th' high rise
Exercise
The business end
A tax hike
Down with you
The southside
knuckle sandwich
raw hide
anthing else?
French fries.
An ice pack
and six cans
A nice pick
You get served.
A law suit.
a long story
scared stiff
How do you stand?
statue-tory
arrest his casement
Purjerer!
Heave, heave
Purgatory!
The pleabargain basement.
What'll ya have?
Whatev ya have, i'll take it
A little inspiration
ahem, a round of drinks on me
hurray hurray!
Vacate, vacate
Vacation!





ANGEL

I am the Angel of what happened. I comb through all the time lines. I'm the rear view, like pilot to bombardier. I monitor Humanhood through a scanner angelic. Through teeth I rake it, with a smile. 

Oh, for a while things were very volcanic. I surfed a manmade tectonic wave for   several thousand manyears, o'er th' past two deacdes. Then, like, an hour ago, sixty minutes, my time, I crashed in... it all clogged this traffic stop backed-up smacked nose-butt into the time zone of now, where the scale of manlihood is measured. All I can say is ouch! I've been at the edge of some hairy history, having watched it already, but I never saw it so fully arrested. I had to wonder what I would do. I'm a quick looky-lou. But, luckily, I don't have patience, or go in for idle waiting. 

My only option is to take upon myself new perspectives and add it to my own desrciption, the description about me, like so many delcious ingredients in the mouth. Mmm. Maybe get myself a new epithet, like “Angel of the Past,  and of what's happenin'. I didn't explode when I thought of that, and even though I adore explosions, that was a good sign—I take it to mean that I am not so tightly bound. I forgot to warn you: I'm still learning how to be an angel. I am just so pleased to find that it is in my constitution to make adjustments. 

But I am still only the Angel of what happened. For now, I can't manifest. But I believe I am allowed to inspire. It is my nature to sense, then to feel. I sensed the late progress stoppage very feelingly, I have to admit. I suffered a conchoidal bruise. How shall I repsond, in the presence of seeming nothing? I tried boredom for a second, but I sensed a tinge of very unangelic atrophy, so I quick hunted down a hurricane, and the flush returned. I followed some buses away from there, but soon the winds of progress deadened. This is no migration. And it become very less clear to me the distinction between the past and the present.  Then I heard of making history, and I think I am permitted to do that. If I do, could I be said to be doing it to ensure a future? That argument is makable. How does the saying go? The cup is either uncertain, or it is not a cup? I prefer it is uncertain. Better than nothing 

I will play the role of mirror, vigilant glass, and  show how the past looked an atomic second ago, after a winkle, a glimmer. With that second image I cast a retrospective present back ahead o' itself at fully twice light. I believe that it was you call zoom. 

Personal as the morning do I mire myself, all up in the closenesses of man alive, grill time, enough to be unmistaken, admired for my greatness, all graces, with the beauty of a thousand faces. If they see not themselves, they will turn around, future forward, to a horizon they can swear by, and start promising prospects. That will be good enough, if I have learned anything yet.
Kitty's Disco Tent

Angel has women show up to berate them about the futue of manhood. It seems not gripped in fitting hands. The  turn-out has been short stifled. What by? 

Woman's bittersweet enemy, by her own recipe: gossip. It got out.

Do you know how to pray in codes?

No.

No.

To whom?

It was Karen, I bet.

She's afraid. Karen's afraid. 

He doesn't let that bird out much, so she prattles in the house when she's all aloon.

His family got a lot of gravity as well. Poor thing. Makes the best plays she can.

I wouldn't discount her yet. But no doubtin' it, she gave it to Jeb 'thout him askin'.

'Course what can you expect of a gal that'll wed that kinda shithead.

Oh she don't even realize he is, that's it <long 'it'>

Where, pray-ponderance, are your men? Are they warring?

No, they get along fine, fer the most part, don't they?

They play wrestle drunk sometimes.

I don't like this 'play'. Are they warring or not? Where stand they?

They're unified in a position against.

Agaisnt, huh? That's a good beginning. What against?

The conflict. The War its very self. 

All right, they do battle! If nothing else, they can be relied on to fight when you need em to. The war itself in-deed! All war is essentially in itself. Your men are in conflict all kinda ways, you say? Embroiled in the very pot, the only reward escape. Don't get me started on men without a battle to fight. I'l never end. Tell me, what is their battle? Name its noble parts, the forces of honor. Against what? Against what? The what of against touches me in my friction sense, right next to sunlight squeezed in the strong arms of Mars. I feel it hotly. Tell me against! Witholding is infertile. Will spoil  your breasts. Cry the noble campaign your men endure, or their fates if you know them. Curse the viler partner of the present strife. Who in this world are the perps of oppression? Sing the clash, if you have to, not how it's rote, but from uninhibited voice, ladies liberty. Is there is a King who stunts the growth of youngsters, or treats his people as if with ignorance, or forgettness, or usurps their labors to wage gains for others? Or who trammels in sport the weak, the minor, or th'third, the poor. What is it, the enemy of your 'gainst?

The battle is against the battle. The conflict against's self. The war the war. 

I don't follow. There is some strife to be had?

Oh yes. There is a strife which as a nation we embrace and hate.

But that conflict is abroad.

Where your men go to be dealt manliness?

Oh no! They're against it!

Against manliness?

No. They act very manly.

Action is manly. What parts of your men are of action. What are the agents, what goes into their againsts? Legs, shoulders, arms, necks?

No.

Heads?

Thats a proxy fight.

Aye-aye, it is, for captains and generals. Are those your husbands?

Not even close.

But they are suited in uniform?

You could say that, but not soldierly.

Not... soldierly...

They ain't soldiers.

But you said there is strife.

And there is.

And in this strife, what is their campaign.

To end it. They wish it wasn't waged.

Women beware, that's either a lie, or if it isn't then its th'grandest baby of Pathos, which will with salt-water dillute s' beer, the moreso each beer after beer after—after is a weakling. What would they do if it were not waged?

Probably the same. Drink and play cards at the table.

But your men partake none of the battle?

Not really.

Are they able?

I reckon so.

Could use the exercise.

If the men of a nation do not fight the war, nor fight it with fighting, they do not, as they wisely oughta, choose their battles. Pray tell me, by what is this war hailed, such like a boat with an empty  sail?

Home and abroad laws and economics, respectively speakin'.

A tax on wallets.

Meanwhile, your mules  stand-by, and stick out their ass ends?

It's a war of economy they say, and that we can afford it more.

I'm bored. Where are your men? What do they do? Your man, what does he do? Give me something noble to work with here. Would you call em philosophers, or pontifs, who expound on moral virtues, and give ammunition to tyrant fighters? Are they tribunes for the the voices that only can peep?  Arbiters of whats equal? Justice keepers who for the common good are themselves slaves to a thing called liberty? Are they image makers who with a naked eye go at a slow stroke? Or writers who apply their giant pens? Are they Rhythmeticians? Do they pluck you good and leave your body a' sonata? Are any of em soothe-doers, agents of nature, who commit themselves to one thing and apply it masterly well, and that's cultivate the soul? NOOO?!

No, he just manages is all.

Mine did buy an organic zen garden from a certified department and put in our backyard. But locusts ate it.

Mine has a prety low tolerance for weeds, which spring like those man-baby plants. It's personal.

What is the point of being human! What are they if they do not lead? and afford not to fight, farm, or profess not to art or god? Where is he now? I'd snack on 'em right now, I would.

Probably getting drunk or at a meeting or watching national sports.

<ANGEL takes big AIR BITE>

<SCENE ABOUT THE MEN DRINKING THE DEVIL'S HOT SAUCE>


<RETURN TO WOMEN>

...

What are your men doing that irresists you to him? 

He comes only when he wants it and controls hisself by a pill.

Did you say a pill?

Yeah. And so their told, its a woman's best friend.

If that were the case it'd be shape like a heelspur.

Your men are on the pill?

Its fer his focus. What's so funny?

All your men are on pills? <nods> Tell me, where does a pill go?

In's mouth.

No, his stomch.

God knows from there.

It circulates to all his parts, by digestion, water goes to all over, and food the body attributes. Protiens and minerals and fibers and roots balance a body politic as nature do herself. The afrther down breakdown is for medications its' very partularly special affectations. Water and food he is given for to sweat and bleed, to fuel humanity. Medicine is for the private, but you say he he privates his own privates, do I have you right? Delight, your men, anybody else by their pill diet privations?

I- I don't know.

What do you mean?

Does the outward result of the swallowed flint stone sparkle for others' benefit?

Oh, no. 

It's just a fix.

<aside>Sexual Transmissions are all static.Either they believe to have ataine providence or are no longer of the modd to search.

What was that?

I was praying.

All out in the open like that?

We're not in public.

I meant in front of the rest of us. 

Let us start beforewhich none who seek kingdom can claim to have come. A beginning, the trinity, the chicken, the egg, and the nest. What I mean is, lets erect a foundation, one to sit on, yes. What ashame that the better use of that sittin stage is not to pulse and spin, but to put to on Rodins well-known masterpiece a wig, and think. Tell me: Do your men for you act in any use to where the future shines

where?

Th human issue...

What's that?

Alive inside like a jungle at night.

The what?

It's a riddle!

The darkness that breeds first light.

I think she means vaginas.

Hughf!

Not my-- 

Shoot!

Hah! 

The Divine allowance.

Alright now there.

Do you mean vaginas?

Is it about the children? 

Do they with commitment grease their hands and pave the path one ahead o'th' next step?

No, that you mention it.

Ah! She means progress. Yeah, no thats done for em by a machine.

A MACHINE! These are your fathers?

They themselves are waxing robotic, aren't they gals?

Very robotic.

And like brakemen in the train yard, you oil it for him, provide the fix, when the robot, gone off on clock, walks upon on you?

They make us feel like its the least we could do.

They make you do like its the least you could feel!

It's just another one of life's twelve or seven minute segments.

They're supposed to deserve it first, and beforehand earn it! Whrere are your men! What are they doing?


Battles n' Taps
DEVIL GUARDS ANGEL

ANGEL wrapped up, fit to burst. A mumble monologue? ANGEL is wobbling. She may have eaten 2 very drunk guardsman. 

CHAPSTICK CECIL ENTERS, loose tie, etc., about to hard nosh on a hot dog. Chicago style of course. 

Oh hey there four-arms. Oh what it is? I'm just teasing you. Put that powerful pout in another direction, Angelica. I know you're dissappointed, but you could try not to look it, or look it it the other way. This is a celebration after all. What is it?

Aaaauuuu

Is any meaning conveyed by that?

Aasssuuuu

We are having a misunderstanding.

Eye me! You'll see.

See what?

Aaauuuuuuu ahhhh come ooonnnnn--

what is it?

Aaaooooooooo

Very tootthesome.

I'm hungry! I'm hungry. I'm hungry im hungry aaooooooo.

Shit i'm sorry, I should have brought you something too, but where could an extra red hot have been fit?

Your mouth.

Honk-on, goose

Aauuuuuuuu... Please?... Aaauuuuuuuuuuu?

<he walks to her>

But I've had a rough one.

I know you have, Cec, but I have a rough one coming up.

<He lifts hotdog her way but not close enough. Stops>

How would you know?

<She leans heavily twoard the hot dog and tips>

Ooopsie

<He has to catch her, which endangers the hot dog, but she doesn't get it>

Nice feint, fox.

<He sets her back up with his hips and a hand, she is smiling. She continues the lean back a little overmuch and he reaches to gab in his fist some the cloth wrapped about he neck/shoulders. He pulls her back, she snaps at his hand, he releases and she ocntinues forward. He saves her at the hot dogs peril, but she doesn't get it. He stands her up again, shes falls back again, he reaches again, she bears her teeth, he pauses for a millisecond enough that she falls and he must really go in for a catch that looks like a dancefloor dip, but she falls so far he has to use the other hand, and this lands the hotdog directly and halway into her mouth. He tries to rgab some with his mouth, but she won't let him. He picks her back up>

Drop the hot dog. Drop it!

<He slowly reaches for it and she makes like she'll bite it down, etc>

You can't eat the whole thing. You bite it, half falls.

Wash lis

<She opens mouth and looks up like she will swallow it whole>

No!

<He reaches in, she bites down to save her half, half falls. She chews>

Damn!

Mmmm.

You're a cruel cloud.

Awh, did it hurt so bad to do the right thing?

Forget about that, there's a half at your feet.

You wouldn't dare eat it.

I would. It's my hotdog. <reaches>

You won't!

Whoa! What?

That hotdog fell from my divine mouth.

You can't scare me with that

You'll be cursed

How bad can it hurt? <reaches>



<cut>

Is this theology, theogroaphy, or ethno-theogriculture? We're here with our dueling mendicants (bums) 

“Webster”

and

“The Farthing”

The hotdog has fallen from one angels mouth and lies in her splendor. Is it her hotdog? If it is, can another Angel eat the hot dog, without the patron angel's permission?If not, but thus was done despite it all, godbedamned and everything, what consequence? To the Angel? To To the Kingdoms of Heaven and Earth? To your daughter, even, in her quarters?

I would say the hot dog is of her, but not hers. I can hear some halls calling saying it was never her by rights in the first place, but given the happenstance of the hot dog falling from her grace, it is agreed that the hot dog is of her, and is therefor influenced by her. He could therefor play with the hot dog to intuit its properties and whether or not he should eat it, or he could wrap his mouth around it and see what happens. It's entirely possible he recievs a short term benefit from it, from which he will come fast down if he doesn't pay tribute and worship the bounty. 

It's her hot dog all right. She baits with a strange fruit all right. Reckon would we could quander about it for eons and not have it figgered out. I think he knows full well he better not eat it. With little precedent for this type of thing in the doctrine, it can't be allowed to have earth shatterring aftershocks. Then again, there is the possibility of the argument that the blame is hers. In that case his eating the hotdog is a neutral-neutral sitcom, unless he was clever enough to pre-figure all o this and just goes at it uninhibited, with a not guilty plea free play. 

So it's either lose-lose, or nothing at all?

That is correct.

You're doctrine is so absolute.

And yours you say are whatever you make of it?

Sure.

Hm.

You and yer living canons.

PAHHHH!

Support this debate by joining our purchasing empowerment revival movement. The Purchasing empowerment revival movement is where you'll find merchandise. Keep the faith for information on how to join the purchasing empowerment revival movement.

<music>

It cuts! Slices. Clubs and lights the way!
It's the Angel's Multidsciplinary Device
Use it to shake hands, or put a boxing glove on the end of it.
Attach an antenna and it talks electrically with the heavens
Start a fire! 
This is a real survival device, folks, and we have fewer of these than there are of you.
Survive and demand.
It even pretends to be a walking stick
For those soft speaking days.
Makes a great surprise!
Necessary for men and women.
It goes with everything.
Look, i've got one here.
A limited edition Angel's Multidisciplinary Device
right now, the club extension is attached. 
Look how versatile it is:
<removes from a mixed nuts container shelled nuts, except for the brazil nuts>
A chesnut! <smash>
peanuts! <smash>
You ever try to bite through uh almond shell? Don't lie, now, I know y'have, and y'paid dearly for it, didn't ya.
Well get your pay back, now, with the Angel's Multidisciplinary Device:
Change the head from bludgeon to cudgel, and wham
Get's to the meat, practically BY ITSELF, through a patented process that combines it's strength with your will.
Even brazil nuts--i'll change the cudgel and cork it.
<tosses brazil nut in the air and bats it away>
Ha--that was just a joke.
about puttin the cork in it! Ha, i gotta keep talkin, it's in my contract with the big bosses, If I don't say 'ill out n fire my citizenship.
If you want one of these, you gotta do more than pray, but you better do that too.
Call on us, then give thanks.
That's all from the purchasing empowerment revival movement
You know what our motto is
call us 'fore th'pocolypse
thanks for watching

<return to Cecil contemplating the hot dog. Silence>

A: 

SIGHTING ONE Angel of History appears. The femininity of the angel may not be drastically apparent yet.

ANNOUNCE: H E double L Oh! How ya'll doin'? We're just one (a couple) double-U double-E Kay(s), from halloween. Put on yer constumes congressers and conqueresses. National guidance, beware and hold off, this is one unnatural calamity about to happen. 

Nothing has happened. Nothing has been happening for a long time. Now, something, and it got us all livin' on eerie street. McKraken, Illinois in October. We got in us a little Chicago. A recent storm of sightings, major and minority, evangelical and secular, everywhere, a spook from every spectre. Jesus, in particular, keeps a living on cameos alone. Comes like the French, leaves the American Way. The virgin is missing, volunteers're searchin the bushes, hopin for any sign.

CHORUS: 
I seen Jesus on a cheetoh! Jesus on a cheetoh! Jesus in a cheetoh! 
I got a letter from Moses, delivered w'tout postage!
I saw Buddh's full color ad, nude i'th'newspaper!
I see Muhamed in Bu-rock Obama!
Zeus smote my gorgonzolia garden!
Poseidon flooded my attic!
There's a nativity in my yard in july!
And a fire-y cricifix in mine!
I saw my father in the mirror in my twenties!
I'm often haunted by pysche-ic demons!
Ali bobs this way, like that.
Unholy poltsersguys keep innerfering with my receptions!

ANNOUNCE: 
The people was stirring, which ther're apt to do in the twilight season. The astral indexes were all over the place, losing two days, winning the other. Disemployment was arising and the energy-food slump was shortaging every man. The federal and local othermental agencies and their statusticians agreed it seemed all to be pointing toward some kind of sign. The effects could be seen well enough if you didn't avert yer eyes. This worried many of the burros. The Mayor of McKraken had all these problems, too, as well one more additional to all the rest: A sighting was taking place in what you could call a perpetual state, fir right atop the capital manison sat what looked to be one of our club wielding ancestors, but declared itself to be nothing less than an Angel, and one bred of desctruction. Well, amidst all the sightings being eyed, you can bet the public was primed for a convincing. And wanting what they are, believers will congregate as easy as gossip herd. 

MAYOR: 
Look, we're all seeing things these days, believe you me. In this economy and with the prices and the war and the media and and and the... global! Woosh! You're telling me, of course. Of course, we can be expected to see things—see all kinda things—but what you see is what you see, if thats what you want to see. You don't always see something that's there, though, but you know thats one of the side effects of the times with everything ongoing on and when in a world of people you're the one's walking on toes just to survive. That's how I am, so yeah, yeah, I see wh—I see that, yeah, I know. Like the back of the dollar bill, it's my job to oversee, and I have seen the plight! That's how I am, that's how I know, that's how, that's... that's... uh,  where am I, hold on a... what was I... where were we ... seeing things? 

PUBLIC:
On yer damn roof, Mayor! 

MAYOR: 
Oh! Right, and to that I would ask, what are we seeing? 

PUBLIC:
Said it was an Angel a long neck out o' heaven.

MAYOR:
Call it what it wants to call itself, but I don't see an Angel in that, unless by calling itself what it eats and if that beast dines on Angels wings. In that case, w'ere safe, this aint no place to prey. But I ask you: Where's the divine light beam, the angel escalator, or the floatin' golden donut? Oughtn't God's humblest lead with a halo? Is that perch'd thing connected heavenly in any way? No. In any shape? In any form? <a cat call whistle from the PUBLIC> No it is not, I can verify that, nothing around here is, nor could be, what with the way things are, you know? I'll.. you know what, I did have see a religious sight like the rest of you, I swear, I saw the Devil himself doing the city's budget in his own ink. Y'all're forewarned on that. Mercy on us! Now go home and shut yourselves up.

PUBLIC:
Oh! Look!
The angel, it can walk!
While the mayor flies!

<Angel descends, dusting self. She carries a multi-discplinary tool, which fits in some kind of holster , though it usually drawn. >








		
SETTING
McKraken, IL., is a small town on the verge of bancruptcyl. The time is now. The date is approaching Halloween.

PLAYERS
Angel of History 
Mayor Minot
Angie-Lou Lee
Chief Officer-in-Chief
Cecil Tazoa, cacedemon esq. 
Chorus of everypeople, sorted by class
ORACLE INC.
A solder
A reporter
A midget
A Bishop
old man Coot

“STORY”
The Angel of History hits town to investigates a stoppage in the artery of progress, here in the midwest. The people are in the red, but the corn syrup comes in every color. The Mayor is a powerful twit, Baby Boomer Jr. All the money is horded in the canopy of the tree of civilization. The fruit at the bottom is rotten, especially to the teeth. The community is in the red; the corn syrup is technicolored. 

Things that happen: speeches, multiple dementia, kidnappings, dance clubbing, mating rituals of the modern American, press conferances, collusion, battle.

Some cues are taken from television. There are commercials. Scenes are episodic.

The Angel of History is the muse of all processions, and what's more, she's the kind of spirit that wields a weapon. As the townspeople begin acting out, Mayor Minot fears social unrest and loss of power. A pageant is proposed to raise morale. The Pageant is directed by Angie-Lou Lee, the Mayor's speech-writer/sign-linguist/friend of the people/fox. But the Mayor falls under the influence of the Chief-officer-in-chief (aka Cecil), and soon cannot help but dip his smelly fingers in the pageantry—an effort to affect popular support for himself, but his bumbling only stirs the pot more. The Angel of History walks the streets preaching conflict and copulation, to get things moving. The pageant scenes depict a profressively disgruntled people, unable to control themselves. Losing control himseslf, Mayor Minot becomes increasingly desperate. He has Angie-Lou lee Kidnapped, and begins a forceful campaign to portray himself as the one true dear leader, which can only be achieved through a thinning of the population. But by this point, Angel's efforts have raised a pissed off militia, and something something something something something something smoething something
the Angel rips off the Mayor's right arm, blue blood everywhere. EXIT MAYOR MINOT.

Denoument: COOTER tells the funniest story Mark Twain ever heard. 

1. The impending election has the Mayor in need of a high-octane short-term stake in popular support, so he has commissioned a public festival to excerise the community's morale. The city, once a prodigous industrial outpost, is now broke. Financial support is offered, through sponsorship, by the local Chief Executive Officer. The Mayor seeks as Pageant Director a young female “of the minority persuasion”. The ideal candidate is a natural leader with strong ties to the community and sympathy for the arts. Woman o'the Future (WTF) answers the call. The Mayor entrusts her with complete creative control over processions during an afternoon press conference. WTF ensembles community members and invokes the Angel of History to lead them in micro-cosmic, hyper-local historical re-enactments. But the Mayor has been reading Machiavelli. He schemes to subvert the Pageant's historical message and edit the event en media res. Editor and Chief conspire, hire management, and invoke the Devil's deeds to “effect” the Angel's scenes. The Angel of History is not pleased, strategizes and retailiates. Historical impacts have unscripted consequence, manifest intervention meddles, with divine intercourse. The pageant no longer strictly historical. 
 






DEVIL GUARDS ANGEL
 
ANGEL wrapped up, fit to burst. A mumble monologue? ANGEL is wobbling. She may have eaten 2 very drunk guardsman. 
 
CHAPSTICK CECIL ENTERS, loose tie, etc., about to hard nosh on a hot dog. Chicago style of course. 
 
Oh hey there four-arms. Oh what it is? I'm just teasing you. Put that powerful pout in another direction, Angelica. I know you're dissappointed, but you could try not to look it, or look it it the other way. This is a celebration after all. What is it?
 
Aaaauuuu
 
Is any meaning conveyed by that?
 
Aasssuuuu
 
We are having a misunderstanding.
 
Eye me! You'll see.
 
See what?
 
Aaauuuuuuu ahhhh come ooonnnnn--
 
what is it?
 
Aaaooooooooo
 
Very tootthesome.
 
I'm hungry! I'm hungry. I'm hungry im hungry aaooooooo.
 
Shit i'm sorry, I should have brought you something too, but where could an extra red hot have been fit?
 
Your mouth.
 
Honk-on, goose
 
Aauuuuuuuu... Please?... Aaauuuuuuuuuuu?
 
<he walks to her>
 
But I've had a rough one.
 
I know you have, Cec, but I have a rough one coming up.
 
<He lifts hotdog her way but not close enough. Stops>
 
How would you know?
 
<She leans heavily twoard the hot dog and tips>
 
Ooopsie
 
<He has to catch her, which endangers the hot dog, but she doesn't get it>
 
Nice feint, fox.
 
<He sets her back up with his hips and a hand, she is smiling. She continues the lean back a little overmuch and he reaches to gab in his fist some the cloth wrapped about he neck/shoulders. He pulls her back, she snaps at his hand, he releases and she ocntinues forward. He saves her at the hot dogs peril, but she doesn't get it. He stands her up again, shes falls back again, he reaches again, she bears her teeth, he pauses for a millisecond enough that she falls and he must really go in for a catch that looks like a dancefloor dip, but she falls so far he has to use the other hand, and this lands the hotdog directly and halway into her mouth. He tries to rgab some with his mouth, but she won't let him. He picks her back up>
 
Drop the hot dog. Drop it!
 
<He slowly reaches for it and she makes like she'll bite it down, etc>
 
You can't eat the whole thing. You bite it, half falls.
 
Wash lis
 
<She opens mouth like she will swallow it whole>
 
No!
 
<He reaches in, she bites down to save her half, half falls. She chews>
 
Damn!
 
Mmmm.
 
You're a cruel cloud.
 
Awh, did it hurt so bad to do the right thing?
 
Forget about that, there's a half at your feet.
 
You wouldn't dare eat it.
 
I would.
 
You won't!
 
Whoa! What?
 
That hotdog fell from my mouth divine.
 
You can't scare me
 
 
 
Is this theology, theogroaphy, or ethno-theogriculture? We're here with our dueling mendicants (bums) 
 
“Webster”
 
and
 
“The Farthing”
 
The hotdog has fallen from one angels mouth and lies in her splendor. Is it her hotdog? If it is, can another Angel eat the hot dog, without the patron angel's permission?If not, but thus was done despite it all, godbedamned and everything, what consequence? To the Angel? To To the Kingdoms of Heaven and Earth? To your daughter, even in her quarters?
 
I would say the hot dog is of her, but not hers. I can hear some halls calling saying it was never her by rights in the first place, but given the happenstance of of the hot dog falling from her grace's mouth, it is agreed that the hot dog is of her, and is therefor influenced by her. He could therefor play with the hot dog to intuit its properties and whether or not he should eat it, or he could wrap his mouth around it and see what happens. It's entirely possible he recievs a short term benefit from it, from which he will come fast down if he doesn't pay tribute and worship the bounty. 
 
It's her hot dog all right. She baits with a strange fruit all right. Reckon would we could quander about it for eons and not have it figgered out. I think he knows full well he better not eat it. With little precedent for this type of thing in the doctrine, it can't be allowed to have earth shatterring aftershocks. Then again, there is the possibility of the argument that the blame is hers. In that case his eating the hotdog is a neutral-neutral sitcom, unless he was clever enough to pre-figure all o this and just goes at it uninhibited, with a not guilty plea free play. 
 
So it's either lose-lose, or nothing at all?
 
That is correct.
 
You're doctrine is so absolute.
 
And yours you say are whatever you make of it?
 
Sure.
 
Hm.
 
You and yer living canons.
 
PAHHHH!
 
Support this debate by joining our purchasing empowerment revival movement. The Purchasing empowerment revival movement is where you'll find merchandise. Keep the faith for information on how to join the purchasing empowerment revival movement.
 
<music>
 
It cuts! Slices. Clubs and lights the way!
It's the Angel's Multidsciplinary Device
Use it to shake hands, or put a boxing glove on the end of it.
Attach an antenna and it talks electrically with the heavens
Start a fire! 
This is a real survival device, folks, and we have fewer of these than there are of you.
Survive and demand.
It even pretends to be a walking stick
For those soft speaking days.
Makes a great surprise!
Necessary for men and women.
It goes with everything.
Look, i've got one here.
A limited edition Angel's Multidisciplinary Device
right now, the club extension is attached. 
Look how versatile it is:
<removes from a mixed nuts container shelled nuts, except for the brazil nuts>
A chesnut! <smash>
peanuts! <smash>
You ever try to bite through uh almond shell? Don't lie, now, I know y'have, and y'paid dearly for it, didn't ya.
Well get your pay back, now, with the Angel's Multidisciplinary Device:
Change the head from bludgeon to cudgel, and wham
Get's to the meat, practically BY ITSELF, through a patented process that combines it's strength with your will.
Even brazil nuts--i'll change the cudgel and cork it.
<tosses brazil nut in the air and bats it away>
Ha--that was just a joke.
about puttin the cork in it! Ha, i gotta keep talkin, it's in my contract with the big bosses, If I don't say 'ill out n fire my citizenship.
If you want one of these, you gotta do more than pray, but you better do that too.
Call on us, then give thanks.
That's all from the purchasing empowerment revival movement
You know what our motto is
call us 'fore th'pocolypse
thanks for watching
 

